README.md, before:

##Labyrinth 5
#####[Telerik Academy]<br>High Quality Programming Code Course Teamwork Assignment

[**General assignment**](http://downloads.academy.telerik.com/svn/high-quality-code/2014/Teamwork/High-Quality-Code-Team-Projects-Telerik-Academy-2014.pdf)<br> 
[**Project Labyrinth assignment**](http://downloads.academy.telerik.com/svn/high-quality-code/2014/Teamwork/Labyrinth.zip)

Overview

 - [ ] Implement Design Patterns
	- [ ]  Structural patterns – implement at least 2 of the structural design patterns (adapter, aggregate, 
bridge, composite, decorator, extensibility, façade, etc…)
	- [ ] Behavior patterns – implement at least 2 of the behavioral design patterns (chain of responsibility, 
command, interpreter, iterator, mediator, observer, etc…) 
	- [ ] Creational patterns – implement at least 2 of the creational design patterns (abstract factory,
builder, factory method, singleton, prototype, etc…)

- [ ] Redesign the project to fulfil the SOLID and DRY principles – each principle should be implemented
at least once   
- [ ] Design and implement unit tests(80% code coverage).
- [ ] Document the refactorings

Commit message:

Project directory reconstructed. - solution file version updated from Visual Studio 2010 to 2013 - .NET Framework project version updated from 4.0 to 4.5.1 - packages updated; (PowerCollections.dll) - separated project into Labyrinth5.Common class library and Labyrinth5.UI console application - README.md updated - fixed some typos

README.md, after:

##Labyrinth 5
#####[Telerik Academy]<br>High Quality Programming Code Course Teamwork Assignment

[**General assignment**](http://downloads.academy.telerik.com/svn/high-quality-code/2014/Teamwork/High-Quality-Code-Team-Projects-Telerik-Academy-2014.pdf)<br> 
[**Project Labyrinth assignment**](http://downloads.academy.telerik.com/svn/high-quality-code/2014/Teamwork/Labyrinth.zip)

Overview

 - [ ] Perform **refactoring** of the entire project(its directory structure, project files, source code, classes, interfaces, methods, properties, fields and other class members and program members and its programming logic) 
 - [ ] Implement **Design Patterns**
	- [ ]  **Structural patterns** – implement at least 2 of the structural design patterns (adapter, aggregate, 
bridge, composite, decorator, extensibility, façade, etc…)
	- [ ] **Behavior patterns** – implement at least 2 of the behavioral design patterns (chain of responsibility, 
command, interpreter, iterator, mediator, observer, etc…) 
	- [ ] **Creational patterns** – implement at least 2 of the creational design patterns (abstract factory,
builder, factory method, singleton, prototype, etc…)

- [ ] Redesign the project to fulfil the **SOLID** and **DRY** principles – each principle should be implemented at least once   
- [ ] Design and implement **unit tests**(80% code coverage).
- [ ] **Document** the refactorings
